README.md, before:

This is a learning project I used to learn React with Redux ([Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) template).
Usage of Redux store in such a small app might be a bit overkill, but this app was made in order to learn structures and practices to build more complex apps.

## App features

Nyssemoni is a dashboard app I actually use every day to view real time data about departing busses from my daily bus stops, e.g. to and from work, hobbies etc. on my mobile phone, ipad or second monitor. The app leverages Tampere City's Public Transport Information API called [Journeys API](https://data.tampere.fi/data/en_GB/dataset/journeys-api) and browser local storage to save user preferences.

### In the app you can:

1. Search for a Tampere region bus stop by name or code
2. Save any stop to your favourite stops for quick access
3. Edit and delete your quick access stops.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

If running for the first time on your machine, run this to install app dependencies.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Remove unused imports, Add live demo to readme, add build configs

README.md, after:

## What is this app and what does it do?

Nyssemoni is a dashboard app (I actually use daily) to view real time data about departing busses from "favourite"
bus stops, e.g. stops I use to and from work and hobbies. It makes it easy to see at a glance, when is my next available bus departing.
The app leverages Tampere City's Public Transport [Journeys API](https://data.tampere.fi/data/en_GB/dataset/journeys-api)
and browser local storage to save user preferences.

This is a learning project I used to learn React with ([Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) template).
Usage of Redux store in such a small app might be a bit overkill, but this app was made in order to learn structures and
practices to build more complex apps.

### Live Demo

[https://nyssemoni.elokuvaaja.fi/](https://nyssemoni.elokuvaaja.fi/)

### In the app you can:

1. Search for a Tampere region bus stop by name or code
2. Save any stop to your favourite stops for quick access
3. Edit and delete your quick access stops.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

If running for the first time on your machine, run this to install app dependencies.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
